[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Glenn Steckling is the director
of the 60-year-old George
Adamski Foundation.
Now, that's one of the
oldest and still existing
UFO organizations.
He is the son of UFO researchers
Fred and Ingrid Steckling,
who are friends and
co-workers of a person we're
going to talk about today,
George Adamski, considered
by many as the pioneer in the
early UFO contactee field.
Hey, welcome to the program.
>>GLENN STECKLING:
Thank you, George.
It's a pleasure to be with you.
>>NOORY: I remember as a
kid getting involved in UFOs
and reading books and doing
whatever investigating I
could as a 10 or 11-year-old.
I came across the they
were Georgia Adamski.
And I was fascinated by this
guy, because at the time,
he may have been
the first person
to talk about UFO contactees.
Didn't he talk
about-- weren't they
from Venus or
something like that?
>>STECKLING: He talked
about contactees
in this solar system, that's
correct, not just Venus.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
Tell me about the guy.
Who was George Adamski?
>>STECKLING: He was a
most unique individual.
I would say that, for being
selected as a contactee,
they did their jobs very well.
George was intently respectful
of this information.
He was very cognizant of
how it was represented.
And he always
believed it wasn't him
that was the
important factor, it
was the message in the
information that was important.
So during the late
'40s, '50s, and '60s,
he interacted with scientists,
political officials,
anybody who wished to
come to the property.
He gave them free photographs.
He showed them the
motion picture films
that he took, which
we will look at later.
And he was well known as being
one of the most vocal, not
the only contactee, but
one of the most vocal
and the most connected.
He briefed Eisenhower in
1958 at an air base out
in the California desert, which
one of these craft landed,
and also John Kennedy in 1962,
which he carried a White House
access card for the Kennedy
administration in his wallet.
He showed it to us.
And so between these
type of contacts
and this type of
information centers,
he was probably the
most unique person
to ever participate in this
particular subject, which
drew a lot of scorn and envy
in some circles but a lot
of respect in the others.
>>NOORY: I remember my parents
talking about him, especially
my mom, because
she was into this.
She just loved these UFO
stories and things like that.
How was George Adamski
looked at during that era?
Was he looked at as
somebody very credible?
Was he looked at as a whacko?
How did the public perceive him?
>>STECKLING: Well,
I think you have
a contingent of both sides.
But as we've showed in the,
book "Behind the Flying Saucer
Mystery II," I
went into archives
and pulled out a lot
of the documentation
from known scientists, from
people like Frank Edwards
and others that showed
correspondence with George
in which they treated
him very respectfully
and which he gave
them information.
NICAP gave him a
membership card.
And so I would say that
within official circles,
he was very well respected.
I remember when he lectured
in DC at the Air Force
Reserves and other lectures,
the military in uniform
sat in the front row.
>>NOORY: And they were
serious, weren't they?
>>STECKLING: Very serious.
And they knew
exactly who he was,
because he had given them
abundant information when
he went on his space ride.
He described the
moon, the atmosphere,
conditions in space,
all of these things.
That was in 1955 before
our space program.
And he also said that when
he went on-board these craft,
there was always another
official, a government
official, a military official,
as well on board, recognizable.
So when J. Edgar Hoover wanted
to have him investigated
for communist activity,
because he didn't like anybody
who had such inclinations
of peace and well-being,
that George says, fine,
call me to testify.
I will give all the
names, locations,
and dates of everybody
else that was there.
And the case dropped.
In fact, I have the
file in my archives.
>>NOORY: Those people probably
called Hoover like, hey,
I was there, back off.
>>STECKLING: Who knows?
But the idea is this that
he was well-recognized
and very well-regarded.
And I would say the greatest
issue was that later
on in our space program, when
we decided to carry forth
the denial program of denying
the UFOs in the '50s--
>>NOORY: Which we still are.
>>STECKLING: Which we still are.
In fact, they were
going to go public.
In 1952 after the
July incident of which
they flew over the
Washington capitol in DC
and they scrambled the
shooting stars to chase them,
the military printed
130 million leaflets
in which they were going to
go and inform the public.
And Hoyt Vandenberg nixed that.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>STECKLING: And
so they wanted to,
and then they decided
to go divergent.
And when NASA went
into space, as we
looked at some of
the space pictures,
we will see that exactly what
George talked about exists.
But we want to keep the denial
factor of intelligent life
in this solar system as
much separate as possible,
because that is
perceived as a threat.
When somebody lives next door
to you, they can come visit.
If they have a better way
of life, then we want it.
And that can change our whole
social economic structure.
So we prefer to push intelligent
extraterrestrial life
into the distant
reaches of space,
because the distance is
too far for us to verify.
And therefore, it remains a
kind of a nebulous tangent.
>>NOORY: How did
your parents get
involved with George Adamski?
>>STECKLING: Well,
my father and mother
both witnessed the foo fighters
and these UFOs over Germany
during the war.
>>NOORY: The war, that's right.
>>STECKLING: And my father
had a very large scale
map in which he put these
little pins, like we
used to do in the old days,
colored pins in the map of all
the UFO sightings.
>>NOORY: And foo fighters,
by the way, for people
who don't know,
were little disks
that many pilots during
the war witnessed
flying all over the place.
>>STECKLING: In formation
alongside of bomber squadrons.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>STECKLING: And so they had
seen some of these craft.
And then when they
came to the States,
when we lived out here, in
fact in Colorado in 1962,
there were a number of sightings
out in the Colorado area.
We moved to Washington in '63.
We saw a bell-shaped craft
hanging over the city
at 1,500 feet.
There was a reporter for
"The Washington Daily News"
and about 45 other witnesses.
And it was in the paper.
So my father said, you know,
I need to know what this is.
So he goes to the Library
of Congress, starts
alphabetically, A for
Adamski, there's the books,
finds "Flying
Saucers have Landed"
and, inside, "The Space Ships--"
>>NOORY: Tracked them down?
>>STECKLING: --in which
there were the photographs
of exactly what we'd seen.
He wrote to them in Vista,
California, where I now live.
And George says, I'm coming
out to lecture to the Air Force
Reserves.
We'll meet.
And when they met, they became
fast friends and co-workers
and confidants of George.
And for the last two
years of his life,
we worked to arrange press
conferences and radio shows
and enjoyed the privilege
of some of his contacts.
And so it was a
very dynamic period.
>>NOORY: When did
George Adamski start
witnessing this situation?
When was he taken?
How did that happen for him?
>>STECKLING: Well, he got
his first telescope in 1938.
If you look in "The
Los Angeles Times,"
there's a picture of
him at Laguna Beach
with his first telescope.
He took some
photographs in late 1940
and submitted it to
the US government.
We were just going into World
War II shortly thereafter,
so the whole thing kind
of just simmered down.
And then when they
moved to Mount Palomar
in the late '40s
and '50s, that's
when he started taking
his telescopic shots
and some motion picture film.
And so George was
already lecturing
in the early 1930s concerning
extraterrestrial life,
the universal principles that
govern nature, no matter where
you go in the cosmos.
And so it was a natural
transgression-- or transition
rather, pardon me.
>>NOORY: Or transgression.
>>STECKLING: Well, it was a
transition, in which it seemed
quite natural, and in fact, as
we know during World War II,
the sightings of
these craft over LA
caused a bit of
panic and scrambling.
>>NOORY: They sure did.
>>STECKLING: And then when
we started our atomic tests,
that's when these craft
came in heavy numbers
to monitor our tests.
And that was one of the
reasons for his famous contact
in Desert Center in 1952.
>>NOORY: Did they
approach him first,
or did he ask for
them to come see him?
>>STECKLING: No,
they approached him.
There's a very careful
screening process that goes on.
They don't do anything
without purpose.
And they don't do anything
without careful consideration
of consequence, because
in reality, this
changes your entire
life, how you
deal with things, how you see
things, whom you interact with,
your professional capabilities,
and what have you.
And George got a
whole bunch of scorn
for some things he never did.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>STECKLING: And so
that screening process
is very carefully done.
And he was one of
the contactees.
There were two
sisters in Norway,
the lady in South Africa.
There was a number of them
all around the planet.
And it was just
George who came out
as one of their representatives.
They basically told him,
we have screened you.
We think that you would make
a very good representative.
And if you accept,
then we will give you
as much support as possible.
And I would say
that no matter where
he went in his world
tours, he always
was in the company of them.
And they always had
sightings wherever he went,
reported by the locals
and the newspapers.
So he had a vast
amount of support,
which is necessary
in our society,
because the only thing we know
how to do is tear things down.
>>NOORY: When did he die?
>>STECKLING: 1965.
>>NOORY: Did you ever meet him?
>>STECKLING: Oh,
yeah, I knew him
for the last years of his life.
>>NOORY: As a little
boy, you were?
>>STECKLING: In fact, as
I was describing earlier,
George would say to me I've
got two space visitors coming.
We're going to sit in
the dining room table.
You're going to zip your
mouth closed and listen.
>>NOORY: You witnessed this?
>>STECKLING: I witnessed it.
>>NOORY: What do they look like?
>>STECKLING: Just
like you and I.
>>NOORY: That was
that sect, that race.
>>STECKLING: That grouping.
>>NOORY: Because of rays
and everything else.
>>STECKLING: They sat.
They came in.
And they discussed
with him, OK, we're
going to be at this in
this place and this time.
Have your camera ready
and what have you.
And so I interacted with
them already at that age.
And those same individuals
came and helped
my father when he wrote his
first book, "Why are They Here?
Spaceships From Other Worlds,"
which came out in 1969.
And I've had the
privilege of having
run into them over the decades
that follow every so often.
And so this is not
something I can control.
Anybody who says that they
can summon space people
is full of it, because
they come when they believe
the opportunity is necessary.
>>NOORY: George Adamski
took some incredible film.
>>STECKLING: Yes.
>>NOORY: I want
you to tell us some
of the things we're looking at.
>>STECKLING: Yes.
These are what are
called high flyers
on the bottom of the screen.
So when you see these craft
with their energy field fully
energized, it envelops
the entire craft
in kind of a pearlescent,
multicolored luminescence.
And that's how you
see this craft.
When they are close
to the ground,
you'll see in this
Mexico footage
in 1958, in the
very corner there
is the dome of the scout ship.
And in fact, you can see its
north-south polarity right
through.
It's almost luminescent.
It's see-through.
And you can see these.
And these are the
enlargements from the film
that we did in the new
book, "The George Adamski
Story" that Renee Olson did.
And this particular film
was very significant.
This picture I got of archives.
This was over Mount Palomar
of a cigar-shaped mothership.
But look at all the little
crafts, some of them energized
field, some of them
not yet, all around,
surrounding this
cigar-shaped mothership.
And a magnificent photo.
And every time I go
through archives,
I find more negatives and
glass plates and photographs
from George.
Lado De Loma's over Vista,
very close to where I live.
You'll see this craft come
into view over downtown Vista.
And it goes here, behind
the telephone lines.
>>NOORY: It's clearly
not a plane, Glenn.
>>STECKLING:
Clearly not a plane.
It's as clear as you could get
and maneuvers with high speed.
And you'll notice
that it stays fixated
in its three-dimensional field.
It does not wobble like a top.
That's not correct.
When you see somebody's
film or pictures
where it shows a craft wobbling
like a top or a gyroscope,
that's not real.
The following section
is of the newer craft
that has replaced the
bell-shaped craft.
The bell-shaped craft
requires a carrier craft
to go in space, where this one
can go from planet to planet
in space completely
self-sufficient,
self sustained.
>>NOORY: Adamski was
doing this even way
before Billy Meier
in Switzerland, huh?
>>STECKLING: Long
before Billy Meier.
This particular
film is excellent,
because it shows
the maneuverability
of this craft not only laterally
but forward and backwards
and the high acceleration
rate of its maneuvering,
equivalent to what would
be probably 100 Gs--
>>NOORY: Look at it go.
>>STECKLING: --in
our own system.
And this craft feels
nothing but one 1 g.
1 g on the floor, no matter
what position it's at.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>STECKLING: That's only
part of Adamski's films.
>>NOORY: Now, what did
he do with the film
when he shot it
and developed it?
Did he show it to groups?
What did he do with it?
>>STECKLING: All
over the planet, yes.
He showed it to the military.
He showed it to groups.
He showed it to anybody
who was willing to see it.
The last film that was taken
in Silver Springs in 1965
at the end of February has
one of these craft up close.
And it retracts and extends
one of its three ball
condensers on the bottom.
And the registering disc that
came before it, that was shown.
My father arranged the
international press conference
in March 10 of that year
in the Mayflower Hotel.
And all the top news
agencies were there,
including the ambassadorial
staff, which my mother had
sent the invitations to.
And they were astounded
at George's films,
because, as Colonel Freeman
said in the Pentagon
in '67 when he invited
my father, after NASA
in the same year, he said these
are some of the best films I've
ever seen in civilian hands.
>>NOORY: Now, there's a book
out, "The George Adamski
Story," by Rene Olson which
depicts some photos that I want
you to explain for us well.
>>STECKLING: I
supplied Rene with some
of these original photos.
This one shows the Desert Center
contact with the mothership
and the two scouts above it.
>>NOORY: And who are
these people here?
>>STECKLING: George is
here with the safari hat.
You've got Bailey and
Williamson and Alice Wells
were all people that were
along on that particular drive.
>>NOORY: And year is the
car in the background?
>>STECKLING: There you go.
Well, that was
November 20, 1952.
And there's two more above
George's head and another one
up there on the top of
the frame, as you can see.
By re-examining these
original negatives
with today's
technology, you start
to see more and
more significance.
>>NOORY: Did Project Blue Book,
which was part of the Air Force
project to investigate UFOs,
did they investigate Adamski
at all?
>>STECKLING: Well,
the interesting thing,
on November 20, 1952,
at the same time
that George was
reporting his contact,
there was a military aircraft
on maneuvers out of the Salton
Sea, which is just to the south
of Desert Center, in which they
submitted a report of
an unidentified flying
object over the Desert
Center area at the same time,
so in fact, giving legitimacy
by official recognition
of what George had spoke
about already at that time.
>>NOORY: Ominous
dates too, November 22
on the bottom there.
>>STECKLING: This is one
enhanced of a Scout ship
as it came and settled
down behind the knoll,
in which the visitor came out
and walked down the valley.
And by examining
those photographs,
you can see that
image of that person.
And this came out
very well when you
consider the age of the
negatives and the film quality.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
see the next photo here.
>>STECKLING: This is the photo
taken from the field vision
view of the contact area and
this particular individual who
came out and
interacted with George.
George later had an artist
produce a painting, which
is about 80% its likeness, full
size, which hangs in my office.
And you can see that it
resembles this to about 80%.
>>NOORY: But that's a
photograph, not a sketch?
>>STECKLING: That's
a photograph.
>>NOORY: That's
supposed to be an ET?
>>STECKLING: That is.
>>NOORY: Very
interesting looking.
>>STECKLING: Long hair,
nose, mouth, eyes, eyebrows.
>>NOORY: How tall is that guy?
>>STECKLING: About 5' 7".
>>NOORY: And do they
walk like we walk?
>>STECKLING: They walk
just like we walked,
on the bottom of his soles.
So you can see the valley.
And you can see
there, as he came
walking around the little ledge,
and came closer to George.
And when he got close to
George, he stood there.
And they squatted in the
sand there in a little bit
of dry riverbed and made a
pictorial of the solar system
and where he came
from and where he was.
But the bottom his shoe soles
has a series of symbols.
And those shoe soles,
like a Hammond organ,
fit on particular pedals that
help control the spacecraft.
And so those shoe soles
have symbols, which
they made a plaster cast of.
And there is the examination
of those symbols.
>>NOORY: Those are
his shoe prints?
>>STECKLING: Those
are the shoe prints.
And those symbols in combination
with the symbols that
were engraved on the
photographic plate
and dropped in
George's property,
hold the significance
for free energy device.
And those symbols
were deciphered
by a South African engineer.
>>NOORY: It's on the
bottom of his shoes?
>>STECKLING: Because the control
panels like a Hammond organ.
It has fingers, keys,
and it has pedals.
But they pedals on the
floor have indentations.
So by maneuvering the
feet and the hands,
that's how you
control the craft.
>>NOORY: Your father
did a lot of research
about Adamski as well.
Was he trying to prove
something to himself?
Or what was he doing?
>>STECKLING: Well my father
was a very, shall we say,
logical, rational fellow.
>>NOORY: Meticulous guy.
>>STECKLING: Meticulous.
And as he admitted himself,
he was very, shall we say,
critical until it
was proven to him.
And he also said he got more
proof than he could possibly
hope for.
He got a chance to
witness this craft.
interact with George.
He got introduced to his
George's space contacts
and continued those
relationships for many decades
thereafter.
And so my father, when he
became totally convinced,
there was no stopping him.
It was like a freight train.
>>NOORY: Obsessed?
Was he obsessed?
>>STECKLING: No, not at all.
That was not his
character, what have you.
When George handed
him his briefcase
on George's last
birthday, about two weeks
before he passed away, he said
I will be passing away soon.
And I want you to
continue this program.
And he handed him a briefcase.
>>NOORY: Carry the torch.
>>STECKLING: Carry the torch.
And my father was
a bit appalled,
because he was not
a public figure.
He was not used to speaking in
front of a camera, an audience.
And so he had to develop
into it, which he did.
I mean, in '66,
we went to Europe
and spoke all over the
place, in Linz, Austria,
where we had our first
encounter with Billy Meier.
>>NOORY: I bet that
was fascinating.
>>STECKLING: Well, he tried
to disrupt the lecture.
And he was making
wild, yelling claims
of fighting aliens
and extraterrestrials
in the caves of Switzerland
with one hand combat,
literally, because
he only has one hand.
And so I remember
Eckhardt Wilberts, who
had arranged the
lecture and also was
an editor for a major
German magazine,
he said, well, we'll just
give this guy some space
and let him do his own thing.
But he wasn't going
to get any traction
during that particular time.
>>NOORY: So there was a rivalry
between Adamski and Billy
Meier?
>>STECKLING: No, because
Meier didn't really
exist at that time.
The Meier people tend to retro
his history as convenient,
because as soon as
somebody comes out and says
George did this
and this and this.
And all of a sudden,
their group--
>>NOORY: Billy did
the same thing.
>>STECKLING: All of
a sudden, he gets
to try to do the same thing,
which there's no evidence of.
And so I think,
to a great extent,
he tried to stand
on GA's shoulders.
And there's really no
equivalency between them,
none whatsoever in message,
validity of photographs
and films, none.
>>NOORY: Nothing like that.
Your father did some
research about the moon.
What did he do?
>>STECKLING: That's correct.
In 1966, we were invited to
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
before 22 scientists to
talk about the Adamski films
and photos.
These individuals knew
how the craft worked,
free energy propulsion,
who piloted them,
and where they came from.
The next several months later,
Colonel Freeman did that.
Long story short, my dad
developed some contacts
within NASA.
And then after the
Apollo Program,
he received directions of
where to get the microfilm
and fiche to get the pictures
and to examine the lunar
projects, lunar orbiters before
and then Apollo thereafter.
And in our safe, we have
15-by-11 original photographs,
first generation
copies of the moon,
in which you go through
thousands of these pictures.
You have to order
them and buy them.
And you can find
evidence of activity
on the lunar surface, clouds,
mists, moving lights, moving
vehicles, the same thing
George talked about in 1955.
>>NOORY: Did our astronauts
talk about this at all?
>>STECKLING: Yes,
they did, absolutely.
>>NOORY: You have updated a
book called "Alien Bases."
And there's some photographs
and images from that.
Let's see what we're
looking at here.
>>STECKLING: This is
the famous Apollo 12
with the astronaut and
the lenticular objects
hanging right above his head
and illuminating the left hand
side of his space suit.
And this was quite a
telling photograph.
In fact, many programs
have used it since.
But they have never given credit
to either the book or my father
who wrote it and discovered it.
>>NOORY: Now, that illumination
on the left-hand side of him
was coming from what?
>>STECKLING: From the
object that's above him,
because the
illumination is not--
you have a snapshot.
>>NOORY: How do we know that's
not the side of the sun?
>>STECKLING: Because the sun
is not elliptical on the top.
When you look at this entire
picture in its totality,
this entire illumination on
top is lenticular, elliptical.
And the sun is a round.
>>NOORY: Is that the object?
>>STECKLING: That's
the object hanging
above him, that's correct.
>>NOORY: Apollo 12?
>>STECKLING: And
the astronauts have
said that they were
escorted to the moon
and also had these
craft around them
during their
particular missions.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
flip the picture here.
>>STECKLING: This
is the dark side
of the moon at that
particular time of year.
And you can see
normally that's all
of it's black except for
the large luminescent
object in the bottom
corner, which lights up
the entire geographical
location, probably about
100 miles, down below.
And so this is also another
craft of an Apollo shot.
Now in '66, they
already put out a study,
the chronological
listing of lunar events,
that described the same things,
objects, colored lights, miss,
clouds, all kinds of things.
And so we were well aware of
what was going on on the moon.
And I think that's the
reason we're going back.
>>NOORY: Lots of things
happening with Apollo 12, huh?
>>STECKLING: Well, it's
every single mission.
These just happened to be
from this cadre of shots.
You see a crater here
just above the listing.
And above it is
just a smaller one.
And you can see material
pouring from the smaller crater,
like out of a pitcher,
into the larger crater,
because the moon is being mined.
And that's the reason
we want to go back.
There's trillions of dollars
worth of minerals, helium 3,
and all kinds of
economical advantages
of going to the moon.
But somebody else
has been mining
on the moon for quite
a long time before us.
>>NOORY: Absolutely,
and wisely so.
Let's look at our
next picture here.
>>STECKLING: This is a very
famous shot from the 1930s
of Gassendi Crater.
There are two Gassendis,
a greater and a minor.
And in the Gassendi greater,
you can see the construction
of the tubular devices running
across the bottom floor
of the crater, through the
outside of the crater rim,
both 90 degrees and curved.
And the astronomers
said that over a period
of several decades, they watched
the construction of these.
And then the dismantling of
some of them at the same time.
>>NOORY: What are these little
road-like pictures, Glenn.
>>STECKLING: These are
tubular constructions that
are constructed in the
bottom of Gassendi crater,
some of them going to a
hub and then branching out.
I believe that this
is nothing more
than the transportation of
either water, which we know
is abundant on the moon,
or whatever materials
that they are taking out
from that particular site.
>>NOORY: And I believe
we have one more
photograph to look at here.
>>STECKLING: This is a
Lunar Orbiter four shot.
And you can see a cigar-shaped
device parked adjacent
to the crater.
Now, you can see that
the sun is coming
from the north, or the
top side, of the picture,
illuminating the crater
rim and then illuminating
the front of the
cigar-shaped craft, which
is casting a shadow behind it.
>>NOORY: That's
to the left of it?
>>STECKLING: That's to
the left of it, yes.
And we have witnessed, along
with other amateur astronomers,
crafts big enough
to totally span
the width of the crater
Aristarchus, which
is 30 miles in diameter.
>>NOORY: And nature
doesn't have objects--
>>STECKLING: No.
>>NOORY: --like that, does it?
>>NOORY: 1995, you were invited
to Maui to an observatory.
What did you do there?
>>STECKLING: Due
to the book, one
of the photographers for
the Air Force facility
that sits up in
Haleakalea read the book
and wrote me a nice
letter and said,
well, we have had photographs
taken of both UFOs and IFOs, so
unidentified and
identified flying objects,
and whether, if I was
coming to Hawai'i,
they would like to
show me the facilities.
I said, of course, yes.
And we had to get DOD
clearance from the Air Force,
which, of course, they've
known my name for decades.
And so we went up there.
They were very nice, respectful.
We took a tour.
We looked at some
of the photographs.
And so this is another
example that while there
is a contingent
that denies, there
is also a contingent
that silently
likes to forward information
so that the people can
see that and think
for themselves
and begin to understand what
is actually going on our planet
and off our planet.
And so as we mentioned
before, I have
talked to a number of
officials and scientists.
I did a symposium in the
southwest about three
or four years ago with some
very noted scientific names.
And we talked in
this gentlemen's home
with all his colleagues
about these particular films
and these pictures
and the reality
of extraterrestrial
intelligence.
>>NOORY: Your work with
Adamski and the Foundation,
how has that been
for you personally?
Have they put you under
a lot of criticism?
Have you had any
backlash for yourself?
>>STECKLING: Well,
personally, no.
Of course, you get some critics.
And you get some
vocal opposition.
But on the whole, that is
mostly from the general public.
I think to a great extent,
I'm just a small fish
in a very big ocean.
And considering the
direction this UFO field
is going in the last
several decades,
they feel that there is no
need to bring more attention
to George, because they're
trying so hard to keep him out
of the loop.
>>NOORY: He keeps coming
back, though, doesn't he?
>>STECKLING: Well, yeah, and
there's a good reason for it.
And so when you think about
the confusion and mayhem that
exists in this particular
UFO field right now,
they think that they have
the whole thing sewn up.
And to a great extent, they do.
>>NOORY: "Flying
Saucers Farewell"
was one of the
books from Adamski.
He wrote that in 1961.
So he was pretty prolific
when it came to books too,
wasn't he?
>>STECKLING: Three books
that have been published,
"Flying Saucers Have Landed"
with Sir Desmond Leslie,
who was one of the sponsors
for him for his British tour,
along with Lord Mountbatten,
who was the brother, of course,
of Prince Philip,
and Lord Dowden,
who was the Chief Air
Marshal of the armed forces.
And in London, they were
all sponsors of George.
And then "Inside
the Space Ships"
in '55 and "Flying
Saucers Farewell" in '61.
>>NOORY: Oh, he had some pretty
prestigious people behind him.
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
He went to see a Queen Juliana.
He got the gold medal
from Pope John XXIII.
But "Flying Saucers Farewell"
was his third published book,
The fourth one we
have in archives.
It's never been published.
It's called "Is Space
War Inevitable?"
But what we did is that
book came out in paperback
with the title "Behind
the Flying Saucer Mystery"
in the '70s.
And we elected to republish that
book under, "Behind the Flying
Saucer Mystery II."
>>NOORY: That came
out in 2015, right?
>>STECKLING: '15.
And we added an entire section
of bringing the information up
to date.
I wrote that, the
first 55 pages of it.
And then we added an entire
new illustrations section
with photos, copies
of the letters
that we mentioned
before, Frank Edwards
and the scientific community
and NICAP and things like that,
to give people an idea of
the legitimacy of George's
interactions in this
particular field,
because so much is
negatively said about him.
>>NOORY: I was going to say,
how did the media handle him?
Because when I was growing
up reading about Adamski,
it seemed to me that
they weren't handling him
professionally.
>>STECKLING: Well, I
think to some degree,
this whole subject wasn't
handled professionally.
Look at Frank Edwards, a
very good book, "Flying
Saucers-Serious Business."
They literally ran him out
of the broadcasting field.
He lost his show, his
career, everything.
And then you have
Maurice Jessup.
You have so many
different individuals
from that era that got a lot
of ridicule and some of them
some physical harm
in some respects.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>STECKLING: Yeah,
the men in black,
which we know was
government agents,
came to George in the
'50s and said to him,
if you don't shut
up, we're going
to chain you to the back
of the bumper or the car,
drag you down the mountain.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>STECKLING: And
George said, OK.
And then he called up
their commanding officer,
because he knew who they were.
And he said, listen, if you
don't want this front page
story in the San Diego newspaper
and throughout the country,
you'll cease and desist.
And they never came
back to him again.
>>NOORY: He was
tough, wasn't he?
>>STECKLING: Well,
he wasn't afraid.
And he had the support of
his space contacts, which was
worth millions of advantages.
>>NOORY: Now, here's
something that
is going to be overwhelming
for you, maybe emotional.
But we've got some video
of your father talking
about George Adamski.
>>STECKLING: Yes.
>>FRED STECKLING:
I was interested to
since 1955 in Berlin, when
I lived in my hometown,
studying the many sightings
that appeared all over the world
at that time.
I have seen the
bell-shaped spacecraft
that George Adamski has
photographed before I met him.
And that proved to me that he
was a man that spoke the truth.
I think of him as a man of
great honor and integrity,
a very fine individual.
I must admit, I've never
met a person like him again.
>>NOORY: Your dad was
a good looking guy.
>>STECKLING: Well, he
was only 41 years old.
>>NOORY: You know
who he looks like?
Pat Boone, the singer,
looks just like him.
>>STECKLING: That was on
Japanese national television
in 1977 with my
mother and my sister.
And so he became
more comfortable
in front of a camera
as the years went by.
>>NOORY: He was pretty impressed
with George Adamski, wasn't he?
>>STECKLING: Hand in hand.
Like I said, when you see the
craft together, meet the space
contacts, have it proven
to you, and afterwards
have the same contacts show
you some of their devices.
He showed us a device that bends
light rays around an object.
They carry this like a
small cigarette lighter.
And it's using the
Einstein theory.
And your eyes only see what
is reflected back to it.
Actually, your brain
sees it, not your eyes.
>>NOORY: Your brain sees it.
>>STECKLING: And so
my father said, well,
I'd like to see this in action.
And so we were walking down
a street in Washington, DC.
This particular individual
was walking towards us
carrying his laundry.
He waved, within about
10 yards, he disappeared.
>>NOORY: He disappeared?
>>STECKLING: Disappeared.
Now, this means only that
your eyes don't see them,
but they're still
physically there.
They don't go into some
imaginary dimension or anything
like that.
>>NOORY: In theory, you
could run into them.
>>STECKLING: And you could hear
him walking past us, his shoes.
And then as he
walked past us and we
turned to follow the sound,
about 3 yards behind us,
he reappeared and waved to us.
And off he walked.
And so these are some
of type of experiences
we've been very
privileged to have.
And so when you see proof like
that, you don't doubt anymore.
And I must say, I'm
extremely honored
and privileged to be
involved in this field
and have the
background that I do
and not suffer from
doubt whatsoever.
I've had him 1,000%
evidence and proof.
>>NOORY: It seems
to be that Adamski
was right in the middle of
everything during this period.
Have you recalled the story of
Valiant Thor, who apparently
was a space visitor from
Venus as well, who came here,
met with Eisenhower,
and tried to convince
our government of a better
way to live for all of us?
Is there any validity to that?
>>STECKLING: The
message isn't bad,
but there's no validity to it.
In the fall of '65, there
was a knock at our door.
And my father and I opened it.
And there standing in front
us was the individual who
called himself Valiant Thor.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>STECKLING: My father
started to laugh.
And Val started to laugh.
And my father says,
I know who you are.
You're a misinformation agent
for the United States military,
for the Pentagon.
And Val said, yeah, that's true.
And my father said thereafter,
he says, well, you're
no extraterrestrial, because
I've seen enough of them
to know the difference.
And your job is to create
mayhem and misinformation
within the residing UFO groups.
And you're not welcome here.
He said, you won't get
any traction from us,
because I know who you are.
And Val said, OK, no problem.
And off he went.
>>NOORY: Off he went?
>>STECKLING: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: He wanted to get
involved, though, in what?
>>STECKLING: His mission
was to go into the UFO field
and cause as much, yes,
problems as possible.
>>NOORY: Your father
saw right through him?
>>STECKLING: Oh, yeah.
It was not difficult at
all, because we had already
been briefed about the
players at that time.
>>NOORY: How often did Adamski
meet with your parents?
And tell me about
that relationship.
>>STECKLING: We lived together.
When George came
to the East Coast,
we all met at Madeline
Rodeffer's house,
who had a flat in her basement.
We moved in there.
George was upstairs.
And for the entire period of
time that George was there,
we literally lived with
the man and worked for him.
And so there was no distance
separation whatsoever.
>>NOORY: There's no doubt
that your involvement
as a little
youngster has created
who you are today with regards
to running this foundation.
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Keeping
the message going.
>>STECKLING: I've
been well-trained.
>>NOORY: Now, do you
believe in reincarnation?
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Is Adamski back again?
>>STECKLING: Not here.
>>NOORY: Not yet.
>>STECKLING: We all come
back to different places,
not necessarily are we
born on this planet,
but we have the ability
to be advanced to others.
This planet is merely a
stepping stone, a class
in the cosmos of learning.
And as there are
directions up the ladder,
there are directions
down the ladder.
And if we do well, we progress.
If we don't do
anything, we stagnate,
and we become born here over
and over and over again.
And if we do really
lousy, then we
go back down the
ladder in order to be
able to learn what it takes
to come back up the ladder.
>>NOORY: Television
news was in its infancy
in those days, Glenn.
Did they give George Adamski
any kind of coverage?
I know the newspapers did.
>>STECKLING: Yeah, there
are some videos of him
on television.
He had some shows
that he went on.
These sections are
rather hard to find.
We have a video clip of
George on the television
without any sound and
then a private clip
from his private films as well.
But he was all over the place.
In fact, in January of '65,
he came back to the East Coast
where we were.
He'd just come back from
U Thant, who offered him
a seat on the United Nations.
And George turned it down.
And as we well know, U
Thant, the Secretary-General,
was highly concerned about
UFOs and the interactions.
And he went public with it.
>>NOORY: Wasn't he the basis
of a Budd Hopkins book?
>>STECKLING: That I don't know.
I can't remember them all.
>>NOORY: I think he was.
Budd never revealed the name
of the United Nations head
who saw UFOs in New York.
>>STECKLING: That was U Thant.
>>NOORY: It was
probably U Thant.
>>STECKLING: That's right.
And then my father wrote to
prime minister Gairy of Grenada
while he was in the UN, because
he was very supportive of this.
And due to that,
the three stamps
were issued with the
Adamski UFOs on them.
But George turned down the seat
in the UN, because he said,
if I take an official position,
I am then told what I can
and cannot say.
And he says, and I
don't conduct myself--
>>NOORY: He won't do that.
How did he live?
What did he do for a living?
>>STECKLING: George lectured.
And he sold the books.
Although, most of the books,
I'd say, well over half of them
were given on contracts
to foreign nations
in foreign language
in which he received
no royalties whatsoever.
And so he got his pension.
And two of his students who were
with him since the 1930s stayed
with him after his wife died.
And they all lived
together, three of them,
in Lado De Loma Drive in Vista.
>>NOORY: And they
helped him out a little?
>>STECKLING: And so they
helped each other out.
And he didn't make
that much money.
I think the estate
wasn't even worth $5,000
when he passed away.
So the claim that George got
rich is absolutely ludicrous.
>>NOORY: You don't
get rich with UFOs.
>>STECKLING: Well,
you don't try to.
It's not--
>>NOORY: It's not the motive.
>>STECKLING: It's not
what it's therefore.
It's not the motive, yeah.
>>NOORY: I agree with that.
Had he been alive
today, Glenn, how
do you think the UFO community
would have received him?
>>STECKLING: Well, had
he been alive today,
he'd be appalled by what is
going on in the UFO community.
And the UFO community today
is just as dismissive of him
as it was before, because
George stood adamantly
against mysticism,
psychism, misrepresentation,
theorizing over fact.
He used to have an old saying,
if you don't know, shut up.
And so that is basically
the witch's brew
of what today's standard
UFO community is.
It is one personality
over another promoting
themselves and not the message.
It is no accountability
for what is
said, no accountability
for how it is said
and how it will affect
those it's said to.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>STECKLING: And so
I watched a program
not too long ago with this
one gentleman who is well
known in this field these days.
And he had the audacity to
talk about the law of karma.
And after I'd
listened to what he
had had to say in
his lecture, he
should be the first one
to be afraid of karma.
And it's sad.
>>NOORY: What goes
around comes over.
>>STECKLING: I think it's sad,
because people don't care.
They throw out information.
And God knows, I've seen
it over the last 40 years,
going to these conferences
all over the world.
>>NOORY: I got it.
>>STECKLING: They throw
around all kinds of innuendo
with no tangible substance
or fact behind it.
And nobody holds
them accountable.
>>NOORY: Does that hurt
the field of UFOlogy?
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
In my opinion, the official
debunking of UFOlogy
is no longer done as much
by the official agencies,
because all they
have to do is look
at the UFO community and field.
And they are doing it themselves
so much that they don't have
to even be involved anymore.
>>NOORY: Glenn, these
extraterrestrials
that visited Georgia
Adamski, some
of whom who you met,
where do they come
from exactly, specifically?
>>STECKLING: They came from
planets in this solar system.
And if you look at
the biology or what
you call exobiology and
the origins of life,
all the origins of life come
from space, the amino acids,
the RNA, and DNA.
We are seeded in to
the form of life.
And this is surrounding us and
our planet and every planet.
And it occurs in every field.
Isn't it interesting that lately
they say, well, Mars had life,
but it was 3 and 1/2
billion years ago?
So according to them, Earth
life takes 3 billion years
to evolutionize
through Darwinism,
but they tell you the exact
opposite about other planets,
that life was there first and
then went into eradication
and extinction.
It's absolute nonsense.
And so when you look at
the development of life
and where it comes
from, you will
see that it is the same
regardless of where you go.
We trail organic material
behind our planet
like the rest of them do,
that's why we have meteorites
from Mars in Antarctica.
And they have organic
material from us.
So that life will
continue to evolve.
And then George insisted, and
I have met these individual
as well, and I have no reason
to doubt where they come from.
They say this is
how they come from.
They explain how
life exists there,
and the same processes upon
which life is developed here.
And we continue to try to make
that as far reaching as can.
There is a photograph taken
by Mariner 10, I believe,
in 1971 of Venus.
And it shows a planet
with white clouds,
blue sky or ocean underneath
it, and two polar ice
caps on each end.
>>NOORY: Nothing what they
tell us Venus is like.
>>STECKLING: They tell you
it's 800 degrees Celsius.
How in the world do you
have polar ice caps?
Nothing.
And the latest pro
from Japan in 2015,
also a photograph
that was supplied,
shows the same type
of environment.
So I think, to a great
deal, we have one set
= which we tell the people.
Then we have a different agenda
which goes to a select few.
And I think that the data
is very easily corruptible.
I know, flying
airplanes, if I don't
have the proper data
programmed in my computers
and to my flight instruments,
then I get false information.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>STECKLING: So
all I need to do is
to adjust the probe
that I sent out there
with a ratio difference.
And that broadcasts back to
JPL and these other places.
So that means that these
people aren't involved
in any conspiracy to cover up.
They're getting the data.
And they're interpreting
it as it comes through.
But if you have a calibration
differential and a calibration
error that you know
the code to readjust,
then you start finding out
you get different information.
We report 400 degrees Celsius.
The Russians report 200
degrees Celsius, right?
>>NOORY: It's a big difference.
>>STECKLING: Big difference.
Now you may say 200 is high,
but if I step on a scale
and it says 600 pounds, and
the next time it says 400,
and I weigh 250, I know
I can't accept the data
that it's giving to me.
And that's the issue.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
You've been working
on a new book called
"Can Truth Prevail?"
Tell me about that.
And when can we expect that?
>>STECKLING: Well,
it takes some time,
because I work as
a professional,
and I do this on spare time.
"Can Truth Prevail?"
has basically
to do with my family's
history in this field
and our experiences
throughout the decades.
I will address some of the
terrible misinformation that
is perpetuated out
there, some of the things
like they are trying to
claim the Nazis built
the UFOs, which is nonsense.
If you do a little
legitimate research,
you can find pictures of these
refers over European cities
in 1918, which is a full 12,
13 years before the National
Socialists even came into power.
>>NOORY: Well, if anything, the
Nazis tried to duplicate UFOs.
>>STECKLING: That's it.
Same thing as the
Japanese and the Chinese
do with our
technology, they tried
to duplicate what they saw.
And if you look
at the [INAUDIBLE]
and the other crafts that were
developed by Messerschmitt,
they were extremely unstable.
They could not fly
very well, because they
used fan rotors on the bottom.
They had no idea how
to use free energy.
They didn't have
that technology.
And so in fact, I
think only one flew.
And so it was very ineffective.
And so these type of
misinformation agendas
that are projected in this
field, simply because people
want to remain on the
forefront of notoriety
or have something to say
when they don't have anything
to say.
And so they make these
kind of accusations,
which unfortunately leads the
unknowing public into a tangent
that is completely untrue.
And so I deal with that and
time travel, the Philadelphia
project, all these
type of misnomers
that have occurred since.
And I'm hoping to
basically write one book
and do the best I can and
set the record straight
as much as possible.
>>NOORY: Sounds like
it's damage control.
Is it?
>>STECKLING: Well,
I don't know if it's
damage control as
much as it is trying
to stand up for the truth.
One of the space people
told us specifically,
and the best quote I ever
can remember, "Learn to love
the truth above all else."
>>NOORY: Well, there's
nothing wrong with that.
Stephen Bassett has
been trying to talk
about disclosure for years now.
--of the possibilities
though, if disclosure
comes, because all
these questions
that I would have would
be, are they benevolent.
Are they going to trade
technology with us?
Are they going to
visit us publicly?
Are we going to see them
on a regular basis now?
Great questions.
what could happen.
>>STEPHEN BASSETT:
And what's going
to happen in the
post-disclosure world--
this is another prediction-- is
that once the announcement is
made, the media is fully
unleashed now, of course.
The media will
completely switch over
to the public side, because
that's where the money is.
That's where the ratings are.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>BASSETT: You
know the idea that,
oh, well, let's stand with the
government and help protect it.
No, they're on our side.
>>NOORY: I mean, I
will say, I told you.
>>BASSETT: There'll
be a little of that.
So essentially
what you'll have is
you'll have the government,
all its institutions, and all
of their press
representatives essentially
up against the entire American
populace and all of the media,
basically saying, now,
what else do you know?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>BASSETT: And it's going to
be a very intense struggle.
It's going to go on, in
which the government is
going to be trying to
limit how much they say
and when they say it.
The public is going to
want everything at once.
But ultimately, I believe you
will have a flow of information
that will slowly fill
up the truth barrel,
with certain things
withheld, ultimately.
There will be some things
withheld, indefinitely perhaps.
But we'll know a great deal.
And we will be fully in
the post-disclosure world
and a part of that
era and that time.
>>NOORY: He said that during
an earlier "Beyond Belief"
show, Glenn.
What do you think?
>>STECKLING: Well, the
answer to your questions
that you reiterate
in there have already
been answered over time.
But as far as
disclosure is concerned,
personally, I see
it as a pipe dream.
First of all, you don't spend
as much energy and denial as you
have during the '40s, '50s, and
'60s in order to suppress this
information then
carry it through
the '60s, '70s, and '80s
in the Space Program,
because if you deny the
existence from the beginning,
you cannot now go into
space and say, oh,
we were wrong or we've been
telling you something else
during this particular time.
>>NOORY: You've got
to keep the lie going.
>>STECKLING: The
lie has to continue.
And they're not going to
spend that much energy, money,
and effort in order to
maintain the status quo of how
this planet is run, its economic
system, its military system,
and all these factors, religion.
They have spent a
lot, invested on a lot
to maintain a very micromanaged
environment upon which
the progress is usually one step
forward, two steps backwards,
very slow.
And it's contained
within a nucleus of power
that is very centralized.
You have one world government
already for a long time.
And it's not broadcast.
And so they are not going
to suddenly say to you,
well, we've been pulling
your legs for 60 years,
and we're going to
give you the truth.
And even if they did,
the greatest resistance
would come from
the UFO community,
because they've been out telling
everybody everything else.
So the first thing, it's
going to collide with them.
And so they're going to
say, you can't trust them.
They lied to you for 60 years.
What they tell you now is a lie.
And we're back to right
where we started before.
The only way we
would unify is if we
could convince the world's
population that outer space
visitations is a threat.
And they've been trying very
hard since 1961, the case
study, in order to take
the UFO interactions
and contacts divergent so that
you will be scared, horrified,
fearing of your
life, deceptive, all
these plain psychological
manipulations, basically
psychological.
>>NOORY: Is there any
truth to any of that?
>>STECKLING: Well, let's
just put it this way.
For all of the millennium
before, space contacts,
no matter where you go
historically on the planet,
and you can name every
civilization that existed,
have been always of
a benevolent nature.
They came.
They helped us.
They helped reveal things to us.
>>NOORY: They left.
>>STECKLING: And left.
So when they came
to us in the 1950s,
and George went to all the
government bodies and military
bodies and religious bodies
with this information,
and they decided not to
give it to the public,
the space people started to land
amongst the general population
all over the world.
Now, this greatly concerned that
power structure I talked to you
about, because they could
not control them landing.
We have no weapon that
possibly can deter them.
They're 4,000 years ahead
of us in technology.
>>NOORY: You better not try.
>>STECKLING: Well,
they aren't aggressive.
We have actually shot
down some of their craft
and killed some of them.
And they've never retaliated.
>>NOORY: They could
have destroyed us.
>>STECKLING: They could have
destroyed us in a heartbeat.
And so these are the type
of interactions we had.
'61, we ran the
test study in order
to take this divergent in
order to scare the people.
And then we have been
running with it ever since.
And so, yes, that's
another issue
that I plan to address
most vigorously.
I'm not going to say
there aren't abductions.
But they are not
extraterrestrial abductions.
These people are 4,000
years ahead of us.
To travel space is a huge
technological advancement.
We have no idea what that is.
You go far enough
from this planet,
you're surrounded by a
three-dimensional star field.
Every star looks the same.
And they're not just stars.
They're galaxies,
solar system, planets.
If you don't know exactly
what you're doing,
you're going to go
and never come back.
And we had do it an immense
disservice to the space
contacts to actually say that
they have this technology,
but they're still brutal in
their sociological development.
That's absolute garbage.
>>NOORY: Glenn, I got to ask
you this about the Bible,
whether you are a
biblical person or not.
To me, when you read
Genesis, it sounds
like an extraterrestrial
visitation, fallen angels
coming down to planet Earth.
Do you think that's what it was?
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
I think the Bible, both the
Old and the New Testament,
is full of records
of extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: It doesn't
negate God, by no means.
>>STECKLING: No, it
in fact reinforces it.
In fact, the Vatican church of
late has become very supportive
of the extraterrestrial
visitations, because they say,
and it's rightfully said, that
it only exemplifies the greater
magnificence of
the creator or God
that has spread throughout
the entire cosmos.
You can't look
into the Milky Way
and think you're the only one.
You have to be really rather
narcissistic for that.
>>NOORY: Foolish.
>>STECKLING: And so
it's absolutely true.
You have the flying scroll,
the flying shield, the wheel
within the wheel, that you have
entertained angels unknowingly.
>>NOORY: Fatima.
>>STECKLING: That's
right, Fatima.
Another example, the Bible says
that there were giants of old.
This is like giants of industry
or giants of character.
But some fool goes
out and says, oh, they
must have been 20 feet
tall, because it says giant.
Another misinterpretation
that is one of the many that
are in this field.
But the Old Testament, the
Sanskrits, the Indian texts,
the Tibetan texts--
and nobody ever
questions the fact
that the Hawaiian royal
pedigree of the cape and the hat
is exactly the same
color design as of Tibet.
Where do you think
that comes from?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
If you could change one
thing about our thoughts
about UFOs and ETs,
what would that be?
If you could convince us?
>>STECKLING: I would say that
we need to educate ourselves.
Unfortunately, we have become
more and more distracted
and displaced from
searching, inquisitiveness,
looking for ourselves.
We have become a
society where everything
has to be on the plate in
front of us, on the internet
or on our PDA.
And as we well
know, the internet
is a beautiful vehicle for
presenting information and even
more for misinformation.
So consequently, we
have distanced ourselves
from our desire to know.
And if we would spend
some time wanting
to know about ourselves,
like the old saying goes,
know thyself, and you
shall know all things.
How we work, how our
molecules come together,
how the elements form our form--
we really sit here, and we
have no cognizance of what's
going in our own form.
The space people teach this
from day one of education.
They are totally cognizant of
who they are, how they operate,
where they come from.
So there is no
ambiguity, where here, we
do exactly the opposite.
We're more inclined
to care who wears what
or how can I afford this.
And so we are totally
disconnected from what
I would call the natural world.
That doesn't mean you put on a
loincloth and live in a cave.
That means the connection
to nature, which
is the second part of creation.
>>NOORY: George Adamski
would be proud of you.
He would have looked at this
little boy, Glenn Steckling
and said, my gosh, look
what he's done now.
That's got to feel good.
>>STECKLING: I don't know
if it would be pride.
I remember George.
We have a picture of my
family sitting with George.
And I'm writing something,
and I'm looking at him.
And George used to always say to
me, he says, don't try, do it.
>>NOORY: You never forgot that.
>>STECKLING: And I
never forgot that.
But more importantly, when
you do something well,
when you do something
that you should do,
you feel a sense
of accomplishment.
That's sort of what
we have lost today.
We don't complete anything,
so there's no more sense
of accomplishment in anything.
And that builds you
up from the inside.
So I don't think George
would be so much proud as he
would look at me and say, you're
doing what you should be doing.
That's only natural.
>>NOORY: Well, don't stop.
>>STECKLING: I won't.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you, Glenn?
How do they track you down.
>>STECKLING: They can reach
me on AdamskiFoundation.com.
We have a website.
We have a Facebook page,
which is George space
AdamskiFoundation, one word.
We've got quite a
few members on that.
And there's an open forum
for everybody to talk to.
I don't want to police things.
I don't believe in that.
And so they can reach me.
They'll find my email on
AdamskiFoundation.com.
And we try to do the
best we very can.
>>NOORY: Well, you're
doing a great job.
Glenn, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>STECKLING: Thank you, George.
It's always a pleasure
to interact with you.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing story,
the story of Georgia Adamski,
a person, of course,
I followed since I
was a youngster,
fascinated by a guy who
claimed that he went to Venus.
But you get a better perspective
now talking to Glenn Steckling.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]